# Web Design & Development

Fun fact: You're seeing this project right now! Now, it's most definintely changed since it's first instance, however, I have to admit, I did a bad job planning this part of my portfolio. I would have lovevd to show you my first instance of my website to see how I grew, and my first ever reflection on this, but while I still have the reflection, the code seemed to dissapear into thin air. Thanks however to the [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/), I was able to find an old copy of my website. Now, it contained only the basics: All my HTML, and the first layer of CSS. Everything else was gone. So I reconstructed my website from there, improving on my first iteration, and making it into what you see today! (In all seriousness, please send a donation to the Internet Archive. They've helped me out in the making of my portfolio, and they are very important to the web's history, and being able to see where we as an internet community have come from). You can donate [here](https://archive.org/donate/).

Now, what have I learned from this exercise? For one, HTML is easy to understand, but tedious to create. Two, CSS is extremely difficult to get exactly right. Anyone who deals with CSS on a daily basis is a talented human being, with much patience. However, it is extremely fulfilling to get it right at the end. Finally, JavaScript is the most difficult language I've ever coded in. C++ was easier! However, something I've also learned in my time at Koch Industries: It's easy to say that JavaScript is bad and that instead you should learn a third-party language like React or Angular. However, in order to get ahead and create the future of web technologies, you need to learn JavaScript, and continue to learn more about it as the years go on. It is a living language, and it's our responsibility to keep learning its secrets as time goes on. However it's not just limited to JavaScript, but HTML and CSS as well. Everything changes fast in our jobs, and while it seems tedious now, the more you learn as you go, the better programmers we become, and the better solutions we create.